demos/secrets-store-csi/busybox/README.md, before:

# Busybox Demo

This is a simple demo using a `busybox` container image
to consume a `Secret` generated by a deployment of the
[Secrets Store CSI Driver](https://secrets-store-csi-driver.sigs.k8s.io/introduction).

## Prerequisites

Must have the following installed:
- `oc`
- `helm`

Must have admin credentials for an OpenShift cluster and be logged in via:
`oc login ...`

## Steps

1. Make sure to have `oc` and `helm` installed
2. Make sure to log in with your admin credentials via `oc login` command
3. You can make edits to the `variables.sh` file if you want to configure
where to point the demo to for some things. 
4. Run the scripts in order from the `src` folder:
```sh
# Installs the external secrets manager. Vault is currently the only supported
./01_install_external_secrets_repo.sh

# Installs Secrets Store CSI and necessary configurations
./02_install_secrets_store_csi.sh

# Configures the running Vault with some dummy values and enables Kubernetes auth
./03_add_secret_values.sh

# Deploys a sample application and performs a simple validation
./04_deploy_example_application.sh

# Cleanup step. Tearsdown the resources created during the prior steps
./05_cleanup.sh
```

## Disclaimer

This is not guaranteed to work in all environments, and is meant to showcase
an extremely simple example of how Secrets Store CSI can consume secrets from
an external secret manager.

Commit message:

[FIX] improves scripts and readme (#5)
* improves sa issuer setting

* adds additional image variables for csi driver as part of helm deployment

* fix readmes, add note of known bug

demos/secrets-store-csi/busybox/README.md, after:

# Busybox Demo

This is a simple demo using a `busybox` container image
to consume a `Secret` generated by a deployment of the
[Secrets Store CSI Driver](https://secrets-store-csi-driver.sigs.k8s.io/introduction).

## Prerequisites

Must have the following installed:
- `oc`
- `helm`

Must have admin credentials for an OpenShift cluster and be logged in via:
`oc login ...`

## Steps

1. Make sure to have `oc` and `helm` installed
2. Make sure to log in with your admin credentials via `oc login` command
3. You can make edits to the `variables.sh` file if you want to configure
where to point the demo to for some things.
4. Run the scripts in order from the `src` folder:
```sh
# Installs the external secrets manager. Vault is currently the only supported
./01_install_external_secrets_repo.sh

# Installs Secrets Store CSI and necessary configurations
./02_install_secrets_store_csi.sh

# Configures the running Vault with some dummy values and enables Kubernetes auth
./03_add_secret_values.sh

# Deploys a sample application and performs a simple validation
./04_deploy_example_application.sh

# Cleanup step. Tearsdown the resources created during the prior steps
./05_cleanup.sh
```

## Disclaimer

This is not guaranteed to work in all environments, and is meant to showcase
an extremely simple example of how Secrets Store CSI can consume secrets from
an external secret manager.

## Known issue:

There is a known bug with the Vault helm charts that results in an `ImagePullBackoff`
error on the `vault-csi-provider` pod. [link](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault-helm/issues/1140)

This error can be ignored and does not impact the demo.
